beautiful and gas those buildings and drunk today
in this my new since today I'm here
guys really after a long time
and I apologize because unfortunately I had
lots of commitments lots of difficulties
let's say to sit here and talk one
I gather a little with you freely
why of course a week e
half ba2 very difficult since everyone
those who go to school know exactly
the reasons I have written this sense I had
really lots of ghazi checks
so eaten at least a week
approximately I had a question
every day plus a bar two checks
per day together with an interrogation
if normally something deadly
let's hope that everything went well
given that in the last period el
are the latest efforts
so we have to work hard
because if it is not the end I hope that
however you have passed this
just honest good week and I apologize
even with you this can be precisely this
without but it was really something e
Tajik said this ghazi I am here at
bring you this dedicate Friuli years
that he didn't bring me a call of video
duty that came out from the top at random
because in playing so by eo alone
tar aldo in death match because
however the other monetary I do n't know
because they don't work for example
he tells me he must activate the list
the channel the online channel and similar stuff
it's patient domain no longer plays with it
none but it's practically this game
hardly anyone plays anymore and I have
since anyway it annoys me to play from
only and seeing that it also annoys me
I prefer to play against the fields today
played plays since he caught me
very much this year compared to
other years by the various team of desease in the
however, there were those who follow me on
my facebook page then the buildings
that use on my private profile knows
that I found a lot of players a lot
good type star of the busy season
of the season leno and so on
so I was absent for this
and I apologize for the third time yet
is saying this is one that
basically I do not do that
the antichrist weighs something with me not me
I remember the name of this fucking weapon
m4 maybe the fact is that it is super mega
st strong this but I don't remember the
accessories but if you are interested in boys
write me below so said this
boys and waste however you are
liked you may like this video
he has so much time that he didn't bring you
a call of duty video and it bothered me
also to postpone
the recording of this video seen
that has too much time that I don't exist
so i hope you can enjoy the
seal as soon as I finish doing precisely
this comments and I will have to go precisely to
still study again
so it's really a time
destructive
I hope this is the tone up anyway
cod let's say you enjoyed it in case
positive guys already leave a mi
like it now
let's hope you are still active
so make an understanding with a beautiful one
thumb up Thursday except
unexpected should the video come out with
precisely the special guest great note
there are nothing unexpected
guys in the description you find mine
Facebook page
if you just want to pass and also the
my private profile if you want to
talk to me as long as you don't pass me
and similar things
you too knew about it at this time
you guys are really overloaded ie
full of sure hallucinating bullies I do n't
saw here now I type 10 pounds
in the space of 30 seconds he knew it too
just
if you are also operated by
verification questions
and whoever has the most, and there is nothing there
been a tannin I spy on ritual boys
in the very active memo with videos
certainly from next week in
began with two video based a
week since practically the
early June and therefore games are for
eighty percent already made then one
school is for the 83 100 ended here I have
took the cam then a nice thumb
even a fairly quick cam the latest
i'm not mistaken 13 killer leo country
within a minute and 30 seconds
so do the bill guys I didn't play
for a long time he didn't play at cost
practically in four months all e
however we say I am delighted
enough i spy guys that this
video you enjoyed inviting you to
come back active I have to say so if to the
pinecone there's a nice sinned thumb here
I also risked flores but I am
very much at the end of life there is a nice I like
to look at all the links that
find in description and we feel
to an upcoming video always in this one
week I promise you guys used
I really like your building
nice comment and and we feel at the
next there is the song i love him
beautiful
no
then